CardWirthPy Licenses

Index:
  1. Python Software Foundation License
  2. wxWindows Library License
  3. GNU Lesser General Public License
  4. Microsoft Redistributable (gdiplus.dll)
  5. Visual Studio 2008 Software Lisence
  6. Visual Studio 2008 Redistributable Code
  7. 一般利用者向けIPAフォント エンド・ユーザ・ライセンス
  8. CWXEditorのライセンス
  9. The MIT License

#####################################################################

A. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE
==========================

Python was created in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum at Stichting
Mathematisch Centrum (CWI, see http://www.cwi.nl) in the Netherlands
as a successor of a language called ABC.  Guido remains Python's
principal author, although it includes many contributions from others.

In 1995, Guido continued his work on Python at the Corporation for
National Research Initiatives (CNRI, see http://www.cnri.reston.va.us)
in Reston, Virginia where he released several versions of the
software.

In May 2000, Guido and the Python core development team moved to
BeOpen.com to form the BeOpen PythonLabs team.  In October of the same
year, the PythonLabs team moved to Digital Creations (now Zope
Corporation, see http://www.zope.com).  In 2001, the Python Software
Foundation (PSF, see http://www.python.org/psf/) was formed, a
non-profit organization created specifically to own Python-related
Intellectual Property.  Zope Corporation is a sponsoring member of
the PSF.

All Python releases are Open Source (see http://www.opensource.org for
the Open Source Definition).  Historically, most, but not all, Python
releases have also been GPL-compatible; the table below summarizes
the various releases.

    Release         Derived     Year        Owner       GPL-
                    from                                compatible? (1)

    0.9.0 thru 1.2              1991-1995   CWI         yes
    1.3 thru 1.5.2  1.2         1995-1999   CNRI        yes
    1.6             1.5.2       2000        CNRI        no
    2.0             1.6         2000        BeOpen.com  no
    1.6.1           1.6         2001        CNRI        yes (2)
    2.1             2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         no
    2.0.1           2.0+1.6.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.1           2.1+2.0.1   2001        PSF         yes
    2.2             2.1.1       2001        PSF         yes
    2.1.2           2.1.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.1.3           2.1.2       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.1           2.2         2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.2           2.2.1       2002        PSF         yes
    2.2.3           2.2.2       2003        PSF         yes
    2.3             2.2.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.1           2.3         2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.2           2.3.1       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.3           2.3.2       2002-2003   PSF         yes
    2.3.4           2.3.3       2004        PSF         yes
    2.3.5           2.3.4       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4             2.3         2004        PSF         yes
    2.4.1           2.4         2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.2           2.4.1       2005        PSF         yes
    2.4.3           2.4.2       2006        PSF         yes
    2.4.4           2.4.3       2006        PSF         yes
    2.5             2.4         2006        PSF         yes
    2.5.1           2.5         2007        PSF         yes
    2.6             2.5         2008        PSF         yes

Footnotes:

(1) GPL-compatible doesn't mean that we're distributing Python under
    the GPL.  All Python licenses, unlike the GPL, let you distribute
    a modified version without making your changes open source.  The
    GPL-compatible licenses make it possible to combine Python with
    other software that is released under the GPL; the others don't.

(2) According to Richard Stallman, 1.6.1 is not GPL-compatible,
    because its license has a choice of law clause.  According to
    CNRI, however, Stallman's lawyer has told CNRI's lawyer that 1.6.1
    is "not incompatible" with the GPL.

Thanks to the many outside volunteers who have worked under Guido's
direction to make these releases possible.


B. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON
===============================================================

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
--------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that PSF's
License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 Python Software Foundation; 
All Rights Reserved" are retained in Python alone or in any derivative 
version prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


BEOPEN.COM LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 2.0
-------------------------------------------

BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an
office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software in source or binary form and its associated
documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License
Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform
and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and
otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the
Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between BeOpen and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark
sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.  As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at
http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the
permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


CNRI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 1.6.1
---------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National
Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive,
Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization
("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6.1 software in
source or binary form and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6.1
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's
License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
1995-2001 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6.1 alone or in any derivative
version prepared by Licensee.  Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License
Agreement, Licensee may substitute the following text (omitting the
quotes): "Python 1.6.1 is made available subject to the terms and
conditions in CNRI's License Agreement.  This Agreement together with
Python 1.6.1 may be located on the Internet using the following
unique, persistent identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1013.  This
Agreement may also be obtained from a proxy server on the Internet
using the following URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1013".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python 1.6.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python 1.6.1.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6.1 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6.1 WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
1.6.1 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6.1,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by the federal
intellectual property law of the United States, including without
limitation the federal copyright law, and, to the extent such
U.S. federal law does not apply, by the law of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, excluding Virginia's conflict of law provisions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with regard to derivative works based
on Python 1.6.1 that incorporate non-separable material that was
previously distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL), the
law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern this License
Agreement only as to issues arising under or with respect to
Paragraphs 4, 5, and 7 of this License Agreement.  Nothing in this
License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of
agency, partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.  This
License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI trademarks or
trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote products or
services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying,
installing or otherwise using Python 1.6.1, Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

        ACCEPT


CWI LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR PYTHON 0.9.0 THROUGH 1.2
--------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.  All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


Additional Conditions for this Windows binary build
---------------------------------------------------

This program is linked with and uses Microsoft Distributable Code,
copyrighted by Microsoft Corporation. The Microsoft Distributable Code
includes the following files:

msvcr90.dll
msvcp90.dll
msvcm90.dll

If you further distribute programs that include the Microsoft
Distributable Code, you must comply with the restrictions on
distribution specified by Microsoft. In particular, you must require
distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect the
Microsoft Distributable Code at least as much as Microsoft's own
requirements for the Distributable Code. See Microsoft's documentation
(included in its developer tools and on its website at microsoft.com)
for specific details.

Redistribution of the Windows binary build of the Python interpreter
complies with this agreement, provided that you do not:

- alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in Microsoft's
Distributable Code;

- use Microsoft痴 trademarks in your programs・names or in a way that
suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;

- distribute Microsoft's Distributable Code to run on a platform other
than Microsoft operating systems, run-time technologies or application
platforms; or

- include Microsoft Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or
unlawful programs.

These restrictions apply only to the Microsoft Distributable Code as
defined above, not to Python itself or any programs running on the
Python interpreter. The redistribution of the Python interpreter and
libraries is governed by the Python Software License included with this
file, or by other licenses as marked.


This copy of Python includes a copy of bzip2, which is licensed under the following terms:


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This program, "bzip2", the associated library "libbzip2", and all
documentation, are copyright (C) 1996-2007 Julian R Seward.  All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
   not claim that you wrote the original software.  If you use this 
   software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product 
   documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

3. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
   not be misrepresented as being the original software.

4. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote 
   products derived from this software without specific prior written 
   permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Julian Seward, jseward@bzip.org
bzip2/libbzip2 version 1.0.5 of 10 December 2007

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

This copy of Python includes a copy of Berkeley DB, which is licensed under the following terms:

/*-
 * $Id: LICENSE,v 12.9 2008/02/07 17:12:17 mark Exp $
 */

The following is the license that applies to this copy of the Berkeley DB
software.  For a license to use the Berkeley DB software under conditions
other than those described here, or to purchase support for this software,
please contact Oracle at berkeleydb-info_us@oracle.com.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990,2008 Oracle.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Redistributions in any form must be accompanied by information on
 *    how to obtain complete source code for the DB software and any
 *    accompanying software that uses the DB software.  The source code
 *    must either be included in the distribution or be available for no
 *    more than the cost of distribution plus a nominal fee, and must be
 *    freely redistributable under reasonable conditions.  For an
 *    executable file, complete source code means the source code for all
 *    modules it contains.  It does not include source code for modules or
 *    files that typically accompany the major components of the operating
 *    system on which the executable file runs.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ORACLE ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
 * WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
 * NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL ORACLE BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
 * BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
 * WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
 * OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
 * IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1990, 1993, 1994, 1995
 *	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1995, 1996
 *	The President and Fellows of Harvard University.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY HARVARD AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL HARVARD OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
/***
 * ASM: a very small and fast Java bytecode manipulation framework
 * Copyright (c) 2000-2005 INRIA, France Telecom
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
 *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
 *    this software without specific prior written permission.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 * AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 * LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 * THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */

This copy of Python includes a copy of openssl, which is licensed under the following terms:


  LICENSE ISSUES
  ==============

  The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of
  the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.
  See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style
  Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSL
  please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

  OpenSSL License
  ---------------

/* ====================================================================
 * Copyright (c) 1998-2007 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 *
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
 *
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
 *    distribution.
 *
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
 *
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
 *
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
 *    acknowledgment:
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 * ====================================================================
 *
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 *
 */

 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------

/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This package is an SSL implementation written
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
 * 
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 * 
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
 * the code are not to be removed.
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 * 
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
 * copied and put under another distribution licence
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
 */


This copy of Python includes a copy of Tcl, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, ActiveState
Corporation and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files
associated with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in
individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tk, which is licensed under the following terms:

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., and other parties.  The following
terms apply to all files associated with the software unless explicitly
disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license.

This copy of Python includes a copy of Tix, which is licensed under the following terms:

Copyright (c) 1993-1999 Ioi Kim Lam.
Copyright (c) 2000-2001 Tix Project Group.
Copyright (c) 2004 ActiveState

This software is copyrighted by the above entities
and other parties.  The following terms apply to all files associated
with the software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided
that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this
notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY
DERIVATIVES THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE
NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR
MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the
U.S. government, the Government shall have only "Restricted Rights"
in the software and related documentation as defined in the Federal 
Acquisition Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2).  If you
are acquiring the software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the
software shall be classified as "Commercial Computer Software" and the
Government shall have only "Restricted Rights" as defined in Clause
252.227-7013 (c) (1) of DFARs.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
authors grant the U.S. Government and others acting in its behalf
permission to use and distribute the software in accordance with the
terms specified in this license. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Parts of this software are based on the Tcl/Tk software copyrighted by
the Regents of the University of California, Sun Microsystems, Inc.,
and other parties. The original license terms of the Tcl/Tk software
distribution is included in the file docs/license.tcltk.

Parts of this software are based on the HTML Library software
copyrighted by Sun Microsystems, Inc. The original license terms of
the HTML Library software distribution is included in the file
docs/license.html_lib.

#####################################################################

                wxWindows Library Licence, Version 3.1
                ======================================

  Copyright (c) 1998-2005 Julian Smart, Robert Roebling et al

  Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
  of this licence document, but changing it is not allowed.

                       WXWINDOWS LIBRARY LICENCE
     TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
  
  This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU Library General Public Licence as published by
  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the Licence, or (at
  your option) any later version.
  
  This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Library
  General Public Licence for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public Licence
  along with this software, usually in a file named COPYING.LIB.  If not,
  write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330,
  Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA.

  EXCEPTION NOTICE

  1. As a special exception, the copyright holders of this library give
  permission for additional uses of the text contained in this release of
  the library as licenced under the wxWindows Library Licence, applying
  either version 3.1 of the Licence, or (at your option) any later version of
  the Licence as published by the copyright holders of version
  3.1 of the Licence document.

  2. The exception is that you may use, copy, link, modify and distribute
  under your own terms, binary object code versions of works based
  on the Library.

  3. If you copy code from files distributed under the terms of the GNU
  General Public Licence or the GNU Library General Public Licence into a
  copy of this library, as this licence permits, the exception does not
  apply to the code that you add in this way.  To avoid misleading anyone as
  to the status of such modified files, you must delete this exception
  notice from such code and/or adjust the licensing conditions notice
  accordingly.

  4. If you write modifications of your own for this library, it is your
  choice whether to permit this exception to apply to your modifications. 
  If you do not wish that, you must delete the exception notice from such
  code and/or adjust the licensing conditions notice accordingly.

#####################################################################

	  GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
	  ==================================
                Version 2, June 1991

 Copyright (C) 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
                    675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

[This is the first released version of the library GPL.  It is
 numbered 2 because it goes with version 2 of the ordinary GPL.]

                        Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General
Public Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share
and change free software--to make sure the software is free for
all its users.

This license, the Library General Public License, applies to
some specially designated Free Software Foundation software, and
to any other libraries whose authors decide to use it.  You can
use it for your libraries, too.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure
that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software
(and charge for this service if you wish), that you receive
source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change
the software or use pieces of it in new free programs; and that
you know you can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the
rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities
for you if you distribute copies of the library, or if you
modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights
that we gave you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or
can get the source code.  If you link a program with the
library, you must provide complete object files to the
recipients so that they can relink them with the library, after
making changes to the library and recompiling it.  And you must
show them these terms so they know their rights.

Our method of protecting your rights has two steps: (1)
copyright the library, and (2) offer you this license which
gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the
library.

Also, for each distributor's protection, we want to make certain
that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this
free library.  If the library is modified by someone else and
passed on, we want its recipients to know that what they have is
not the original version, so that any problems introduced by
others will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.
 
Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that companies
distributing free software will individually obtain patent
licenses, thus in effect transforming the program into
proprietary software.  To prevent this, we have made it clear
that any patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not
licensed at all.

Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the
ordinary GNU General Public License, which was designed for
utility programs.  This license, the GNU Library General Public
License, applies to certain designated libraries.  This license
is quite different from the ordinary one; be sure to read it in
full, and don't assume that anything in it is the same as in the
ordinary license.

The reason we have a separate public license for some libraries
is that they blur the distinction we usually make between
modifying or adding to a program and simply using it.  Linking a
program with a library, without changing the library, is in some
sense simply using the library, and is analogous to running a
utility program or application program.  However, in a textual
and legal sense, the linked executable is a combined work, a
derivative of the original library, and the ordinary General
Public License treats it as such.

Because of this blurred distinction, using the ordinary General
Public License for libraries did not effectively promote
software sharing, because most developers did not use the
libraries.  We concluded that weaker conditions might promote
sharing better.

However, unrestricted linking of non-free programs would deprive
the users of those programs of all benefit from the free status
of the libraries themselves.  This Library General Public
License is intended to permit developers of non-free programs to
use free libraries, while preserving your freedom as a user of
such programs to change the free libraries that are incorporated
in them.  (We have not seen how to achieve this as regards
changes in header files, but we have achieved it as regards
changes in the actual functions of the Library.)  The hope is
that this will lead to faster development of free libraries.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference
between a "work based on the library" and a "work that uses the
library".  The former contains code derived from the library,
while the latter only works together with the library.

Note that it is possible for a library to be covered by the
ordinary General Public License rather than by this special one.

                GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. This License Agreement applies to any software library which
contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other
authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of
this Library General Public License (also called "this
License").  Each licensee is addressed as "you".

A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application
programs (which use some of those functions and data) to form
executables.

The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or
work which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work
based on the Library" means either the Library or any derivative
work under copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the
Library or a portion of it, either verbatim or with
modifications and/or translated straightforwardly into another
language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without
limitation in the term "modification".)

"Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work
for making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source
code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus
any associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used
to control compilation and installation of the library.

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are
not covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The
act of running a program using the Library is not restricted,
and output from such a program is covered only if its contents
constitute a work based on the Library (independent of the use
of the Library in a tool for writing it).  Whether that is true
depends on what the Library does and what the program that uses
the Library does.
  
1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided
that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep
intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the
absence of any warranty; and distribute a copy of this License
along with the Library.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a
copy, and you may at your option offer warranty protection in
exchange for a fee.
 
2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any
portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and
copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms
of Section 1 above, provided that you also meet all of these
conditions:

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
    stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no
    charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.

    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
    table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses
    the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility
    is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,
    in the event an application does not supply such function or
    table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
    its purpose remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
    a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
    application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
    application-supplied function or table used by this function must
    be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
    root function must still compute square roots.)

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the
Library, and can be reasonably considered independent and
separate works in themselves, then this License, and its terms,
do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as
separate works.  But when you distribute the same sections as
part of a whole which is a work based on the Library, the
distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License,
whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire
whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or
contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the
intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of
derivative or collective works based on the Library.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the
Library with the Library (or with a work based on the Library)
on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring
the other work under the scope of this License.

3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General
Public License instead of this License to a given copy of the
Library.  To do this, you must alter all the notices that refer
to this License, so that they refer to the ordinary GNU General
Public License, version 2, instead of to this License.  (If a
newer version than version 2 of the ordinary GNU General Public
License has appeared, then you can specify that version instead
if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in these notices.
 
Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to
all subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of
the Library into a program that is not a library.

4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable
form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you
accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
source code, which must be distributed under the terms of
Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software
interchange.

If distribution of object code is made by offering access to
copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to
copy the source code from the same place satisfies the
requirement to distribute the source code, even though third
parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the
object code.

5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being
compiled or linked with it, is called a "work that uses the
Library".  Such a work, in isolation, is not a derivative work
of the Library, and therefore falls outside the scope of this
License.

However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library
(because it contains portions of the Library), rather than a
"work that uses the library".  The executable is therefore
covered by this License. Section 6 states terms for distribution
of such executables.

When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header
file that is part of the Library, the object code for the work
may be a derivative work of the Library even though the source
code is not. Whether this is true is especially significant if
the work can be linked without the Library, or if the work is
itself a library.  The threshold for this to be true is not
precisely defined by law.

If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small
inline functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of
the object file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is
legally a derivative work.  (Executables containing this object
code plus portions of the Library will still fall under Section
6.)

Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of
Section 6. Any executables containing that work also fall under
Section 6, whether or not they are linked directly with the
Library itself.
 
6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also compile
or link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to
produce a work containing portions of the Library, and
distribute that work under terms of your choice, provided that
the terms permit modification of the work for the customer's own
use and reverse engineering for debugging such modifications.

You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that
the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are
covered by this License.  You must supply a copy of this
License.  If the work during execution displays copyright
notices, you must include the copyright notice for the Library
among them, as well as a reference directing the user to the
copy of this License.  Also, you must do one of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
    machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
    changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
    Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
    with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
    uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
    user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
    executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
    that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
    Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
    to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at
    least three years, to give the same user the materials
    specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more
    than the cost of performing this distribution.

    c) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
    from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
    specified materials from the same place.

    d) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
    materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special
exception, the source code distributed need not include anything
that is normally distributed (in either source or binary form)
with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the
operating system on which the executable runs, unless that
component itself accompanies the executable.

It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you
cannot use both them and the Library together in an executable
that you distribute.
 
7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other
library facilities not covered by this License, and distribute
such a combined library, provided that the separate distribution
of the work based on the Library and of the other library
facilities is otherwise permitted, and provided that you do
these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
    based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
    facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
    Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
    that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
    where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
distribute the Library except as expressly provided under this
License.  Any attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense,
link with, or distribute the Library is void, and will
automatically terminate your rights under this License.
However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you
under this License will not have their licenses terminated so
long as such parties remain in full compliance.

9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have
not signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to
modify or distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These
actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this
License.  Therefore, by modifying or distributing the Library
(or any work based on the Library), you indicate your acceptance
of this License to do so, and all its terms and conditions for
copying, distributing or modifying the Library or works based on
it.

10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on
the Library), the recipient automatically receives a license
from the original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or
modify the Library subject to these terms and conditions.  You
may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients'
exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible
for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.
 
11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of
patent infringement or for any other reason (not limited to
patent issues), conditions are imposed on you (whether by court
order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of
this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this
License.  If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy
simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other
pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not
distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent license
would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you,
then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License
would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable
under any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is
intended to apply, and the section as a whole is intended to
apply in other circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe
any patents or other property right claims or to contest
validity of any such claims; this section has the sole purpose
of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution
system which is implemented by public license practices.  Many
people have made generous contributions to the wide range of
software distributed through that system in reliance on
consistent application of that system; it is up to the
author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute
software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose
that choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is
believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License.

12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted
in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted
interfaces, the original copyright holder who places the Library
under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution
limitation excluding those countries, so that distribution is
permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded.  In such
case, this License incorporates the limitation as if written in
the body of this License.

13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Library General Public License from time to
time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present
version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or
concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the
Library specifies a version number of this License which applies
to it and "any later version", you have the option of following
the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation.  If the
Library does not specify a license version number, you may
choose any version ever published by the Free Software
Foundation.

14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other
free programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible
with these, write to the author to ask for permission.  For
software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation,
write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes make
exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two
goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our
free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software
generally.

                           NO WARRANTY

  15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

  16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

                    END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

 Appendix: How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries

If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the
greatest possible use to the public, we recommend making it free
software that everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do
so by permitting redistribution under these terms (or,
alternatively, under the terms of the ordinary General Public
License).

To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the
library.  It is safest to attach them to the start of each
source file to most effectively convey the exclusion of
warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright"
line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.

    <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
    Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Library General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public
    License along with this library; if not, write to the Free
    Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if
necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:

  Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the
  library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.

  <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990
  Ty Coon, President of Vice

That's all there is to it!

#####################################################################

For Windows XP use the system-supplied gdiplus.dll. Do not install a new
gdiplus.dll over the system-supplied version (it will fail due to Windows File
Protection). 

For Windows 2000, Windows Millennium Edition, Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 98,
install gdiplus.dll into the private directory of the application not into the
system directory. 

In addition to the rights granted in Section 1 of the Agreement ("Agreement"),
with respect to gdiplus.dll for Windows 2000, Windows Millennium Edition,
Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 98, you have the following non-exclusive, royalty
free rights subject to the Distribution Requirements detailed in Section 1 of
the Agreement:

(1) You may distribute gdiplus.dll solely for use with Windows 2000, Windows
Millennium Edition, Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 98. 

#####################################################################

マイクロソフト ソフトウェア ライセンス条項
MICROSOFT VISUAL C++ 2008 EXPRESS EDITION, 
SERVICE PACK 1
本マイクロソフト ライセンス条項 (以下「本ライセンス条項」といいます)は、お客様とMicrosoft Corporation（以下「マイクロソフト」といいます）との契約を構成します。以下の条項を注意してお読みください。本ライセンス条項は、上記のソフトウェアおよびソフトウェアが記録された媒体 (以下総称して「本ソフトウェア」といいます) に適用されます。また、本ライセンス条項は、以下の本ソフトウェアに関連するマイクロソフト製品に、別途固有のライセンス条項が付属していない場合には、これらの製品にも適用されるものとします。
?	更新プログラム
?	追加物
?	インターネットベースのサービス
?	サポート サービス
なお、これらの製品に別途固有のライセンス条項が付属している場合には、当該ライセンス条項が適用されるものとします。
本ソフトウェアを使用することにより、お客様は本ライセンス条項に同意されたものとします。本ライセンス条項に同意されない場合、本ソフトウェアを使用することはできません。
以下に説明するように、一部の機能を使用することにより、インターネットベースのサービスにおけるお客様の情報を収集することにお客様が承諾されたものとします。
お客様が本ライセンス条項を遵守することを条件として、お客様には以下が許諾されます。
1.	インストールおよび使用に関する権利。
a.	インストールおよび使用。1 人のユーザーが、プログラムの設計、開発、およびテストの目的で、本ソフトウェアの任意の数の複製をお客様のデバイスにインストールして使用できます。
b.	含まれるマイクロソフト製プログラム。本ソフトウェアには他のマイクロソフト製プログラムも含まれています。お客様によるこれらのプログラムの使用には、本ライセンス条項が適用されます。
2.	追加のライセンス条件および追加の使用権。
a.	再頒布可能コード。本ソフトウェアには、お客様が開発されたプログラムに含めて再頒布可能なコードが含まれています。ただし、以下の条件に従うものとします。
i.	使用および再頒布の権利。以下に記載するコードおよびテキスト ファイルを「再頒布可能コード」といいます。
?	REDIST.TXT ファイル。お客様は、REDIST.TXT ファイルに掲載されたコードのオブジェクト コードを複製および頒布することができます。
?	サンプル コード。お客様は、「sample」のマークが付いたコードのソース コードおよびオブジェクト コードを改変、複製および頒布することができます。
?	Microsoft Merge Modules。お客様は、Microsoft Merge Modules の出力結果を改変することなく複製および頒布することができます。
?	SQL Server 2008 コンポーネント。本ソフトウェアには、Microsoft SQL Server 2008 SQL Management Objects (以下「Management Objects」といいます) および SQL Server 2008 用の Microsoft System CLR Types (以下「CLR Types」といいます) が含まれます。お客様は、Management Objects および CLR Types のオブジェクト コードを複製および頒布することができます。お客様は、Management Objects または CLR Types のいずれのソフトウェアも改変することはできません。お客様のプログラムには、インストール プログラムを含め、Management Objects および CLR Types の完全な複製が含まれなければなりません。
?	第三者による再頒布。お客様は、お客様のプログラムの頒布者に対して、お客様のプログラムの一部として再頒布可能コードの複製および頒布を許可することができます。
ii.	再頒布の条件。お客様は、お客様が頒布するすべての再頒布可能コードにつき、以下に従わなければなりません。
?	お客様のプログラムにおいて再頒布可能コードに重要な新しい機能を追加すること
?	.lib というファイル名拡張子が付いた再頒布可能コードの場合は、リンカによってその再頒布可能コードを実行した結果だけをお客様のプログラムと共に再頒布すること
?	セットアップ プログラムに含まれる再頒布可能コードを、改変されていないセットアップ プログラムの一部としてのみ頒布すること
?	お客様のアプリケーションの頒布者およびエンド ユーザーに、本ライセンス条項と同等以上に再頒布可能コードを保護する条項に同意させること
?	お客様のアプリケーションにお客様名義の有効な著作権表示を行うこと
?	お客様のプログラムの頒布または使用に関するクレームについて、マイクロソフトを免責、保護、補償すること (弁護士費用についての免責、保護、補償も含む)
iii.	再頒布の制限。以下の行為は一切禁止されています。
?	再頒布可能コードにおける著作権、商標または特許の表示を改変すること
?	お客様のプログラムの名称の一部にマイクロソフトの商標を使用したり、お客様の製品がマイクロソフトから由来したり、マイクロソフトが推奨するように見せかけること
?	マイクロソフトのオペレーティング システム、ランタイム テクノロジ、またはアプリケーション プラットフォーム以外のプラットフォームで実行する再頒布可能コードを頒布すること
?	再頒布可能コードを悪質、詐欺的または違法なプログラムに組み込むこと
?	除外ライセンスのいずれかの条項が適用されることとなるような方法で再頒布可能コードのソース コードを改変または再頒布すること。「除外ライセンス」とは、使用、改変または再頒布の条件として以下の条件を満たすことを要求するライセンスです
?	コードをソース コード形式で公表または頒布すること
?	他者が改変を行う権利を有すること
3.	インターネットベースのサービス。マイクロソフトは、本ソフトウェアについてインターネットベースのサービスを提供します。マイクロソフトは随時このサービスを変更または中止できるものとします。
a.	インターネットベースのサービスに関する承諾。本ソフトウェアの以下の機能は、インターネットを介してマイクロソフトまたはサービス プロバイダのコンピュータ システムに接続します。接続が行われる際、個別に通知されない場合もあります。この機能を使用することで、お客様はマイクロソフトがこれらの情報を収集することをご了承されたものとします。マイクロソフトがこれらの情報を利用してお客様を特定したり、お客様に連絡したりすることはありません。
i.	コンピュータ情報。以下の機能はインターネット プロトコルを使用しており、お客様の IP アドレス、オペレーティング システムの種類、ブラウザの種類、使用している本ソフトウェアの名称およびバージョン、ならびに本ソフトウェアをインストールしたデバイスの言語コードなどのコンピュータ情報を適切なシステムに送信します。マイクロソフトは、お客様にインターネットベースのサービスを提供するためにこれらの情報を利用します。
?	Real Simple Syndication (“RSS”) フィード。このソフトウェアの開始ページには、マイクロソフトから RSS フィード オンラインを通じて提供される、更新されたコンテンツが含まれています。
4.	プロダクト キー。本ソフトウェアのインストールおよび本ソフトウェアへのアクセスにはキーが必要です。割り当てられたキーの使用に関する責任は、お客様が負うものとします。第三者とキーを共有することはできません。
5.	アクティベーション (ライセンス認証) の義務。不正使用を防止するために、インストールの際に表示される手順でアクティベーションを実行しない場合、本ソフトウェアが使用できなくなります。本ソフトウェアのアクティベーションは、インターネットまたは電話で行うことができます。アクティベーションに際して、インターネットまたは電話の通信料金が発生することがあります。お客様がコンピュータのハードウェア構成を変更した場合や、本ソフトウェアの設定を変更した場合には、本ソフトウェアのアクティベーションを再度行う必要が生じることがあります。本ソフトウェアは、アクティベーションが実行されるまで、アクティベーションが必要なことをお知らせします。
6.	SQL SERVER ベンチマーク テスト。お客様は、マイクロソフトの事前の書面による承諾なくして、本ソフトウェアに付属する SQL Server ソフトウェアのベンチマーク テストの結果を第三者に開示することはできません。
7.	MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK ソフトウェア。本ソフトウェアには Microsoft .NET Framework ソフトウェアが含まれています。このソフトウェアは Windows の一部です。Windows のライセンス条項は、この .NET Framework コンポーネントの使用にも適用されます。
8.	MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK のベンチマーク テスト。本ソフトウェアには、Windows オペレーティング システムの .NET Framework コンポーネント (以下「.NET コンポーネント」といいます) が含まれています。お客様は、.NET コンポーネントの内部ベンチマーク テストを実施することができます。お客様は、以下に従うことを条件に、.NET コンポーネントのベンチマーク テストの結果を開示することができます。(1)?お客様は、ベンチマーク テストの方法の完全かつ正確な詳細説明、テスト スクリプト/ケース、適用したパラメータ調整、テストしたハードウェアおよびソフトウェア プラットフォーム、テストに使用した第三者のテスト用ツールの名称およびバージョン、ならびにお客様によってもしくはお客様のために開発された .NET コンポーネントと競合製品の両方に使用されたテスト用ベンチマーク スイート/ハーネスの完全なソースコードなど、追試に必要な情報をすべて開示する必要があります。(2) お客様は、ベンチマーク テストの実施日、.NET コンポーネントを含むテスト対象マイクロソフト ソフトウェア製品のバージョン情報を開示する必要があります。(3) お客様のベンチマーク テストは、製品付属の文書やマイクロソフトのサポート Web サイトに記載されたすべてのパフォーマンス調整およびベスト プラクティスのガイダンス、ならびに .NET コンポーネントおよび関連するマイクロソフト オペレーティング システムについて利用可能な最新の更新プログラム、パッチ、修正を使用して実施されるものとします。(4) お客様は、上記に従う場合には、Web サイトのような公衆からアクセス可能な場所にテスト結果を開示してよいものとします。ただし、お客様のベンチマーク テスト結果を開示する毎に、すべての必要な開示情報が含まれている公開されたサイトを明示的に特定することを条件とします。(5) 本条項は、お客様が保有するベンチマーク テストを実施するための他の権利を放棄させるものではありません。上記の義務は、.NET コンポーネントのカスタマイズされたベンチマーク テスト結果の開示については、見込み顧客からの入札の要請に関連して、守秘義務の下で当該顧客のアプリケーションが適用された結果をその顧客にのみ開示する場合には、適用されません。マイクロソフトと別段の合意があっても、お客様がベンチマーク テスト結果を公表した場合、マイクロソフトは、上記と同じ条件に従うことを条件に、.NET コンポーネントと競合するお客様の製品についてマイクロソフトが実施したベンチマーク テストの結果を公表する権利を有します。
9.	ライセンスの適用範囲。本ソフトウェアは許諾されるものであり、販売されるものではありません。本ライセンス条項は、お客様に本ソフトウェアを使用する限定的な権利を付与します。マイクロソフトはその他の権利をすべて留保します。適用される法令により本ライセンス条項を超える権利が付与される場合を除き、お客様は本ライセンス条項で明示的に許可された方法でのみ本ソフトウェアを使用することができます。お客様は、本ソフトウェアに組み込まれた使用方法を制限する技術的制限に従うものとします。本ソフトウェアの技術的な制限を回避する方法で使用することはできません。たとえば、マイクロソフトでは本ソフトウェアの拡張を技術的に制限または無効にしており、特にマイクロソフト以外のアドイン、マクロ、パッケージを本ソフトウェアに読み込みまたは組み込んだり、本ソフトウェアのレジストリ設定を変更したり、他の Visual Studio 製品の同等の機能を追加したりして、ソフトウェアを拡張することはできません。
    また、次の行為は一切禁止されています。
?	本ソフトウェアをリバースエンジニアリング、逆コンパイル、または逆アセンブルすること
?	本ライセンス条項で規定された以上の数の本ソフトウェアの複製を作成すること
?	第三者が複製できるように本ソフトウェアを公開すること
?	本ソフトウェアをレンタル、リース、または貸与すること
?	本ソフトウェアまたは本ライセンス条項を第三者に譲渡すること
?	本ソフトウェアを商用ホスティング サービスで使用すること
10.	バックアップ用複製。お客様は、本ソフトウェアのバックアップ用複製を 1 部作成することができます。お客様は、本ソフトウェアを再インストールするためにのみその複製を使用することができます。
11.	ドキュメント。お客様の内部ネットワークを正規にアクセスできる方は、内部的な参照目的に限り、ドキュメントを複製して使用することができます。
12.	輸出規制。本ソフトウェアはアメリカ合衆国および日本国の輸出に関する規制の対象となります。お客様は、本ソフトウェアに適用されるすべての国内法および国際法 (輸出対象国、エンドユーザーおよびエンドユーザーによる使用に関する制限を含みます) を遵守することに同意されたものとします。詳細については www.microsoft.com/japan/exporting をご参照ください。
13.	サポート サービス。本ソフトウェアは何ら保証のない現状有姿のまま瑕疵を問わない条件で提供されるため、サポート サービスは提供いたしません。
14.	完全な合意。本ライセンス条項、ならびに追加物、更新プログラム、インターネットベース サービス、およびサポート サービスに関する使用条件は、本ソフトウェアおよびサポート サービスについてのお客様とマイクロソフトとの間の完全なる合意です。
15.	準拠法。
a.	日本。お客様が本ソフトウェアを日本国内で入手された場合、本ライセンス条項は日本法に準拠するものとします。
b.	米国。お客様が本ソフトウェアをアメリカ合衆国内で入手された場合、抵触法に関わらず、本ライセンス条項の解釈および契約違反への主張は、アメリカ合衆国ワシントン州法に準拠するものとします。消費者保護法、公正取引法、および違法行為を含みますがこれに限定されない他の主張については、お客様が所在する地域の法律に準拠します。
c.	日本及び米国以外。お客様が本ソフトウェアを日本国及びアメリカ合衆国以外の国で入手された場合、本ライセンス条項は適用される地域法に準拠するものとします。
16.	法的効力。本ライセンス条項は、特定の法的な権利を規定したものです。お客様は、国によっては、その他の権利を有する場合があります。また、お客様が本ソフトウェアを取得された第三者に関する権利を有する場合もあります。本ライセンス条項は、お客様の国の法律がその法律に基づく権利の変更を許容しない場合、それらの権利を変更しないものとします。
17.	免責。本ソフトウェアは "現状のまま" ライセンス供与されます。お客様は、本ソフトウェアの使用に関するリスクを負うものとします。マイクロソフトは他の明示的な保証は一切いたしません。本ライセンス条項が変更できないお客様の地域の法令による追加の消費者の権利が存在する場合があります。法律上許容される最大限において、商品性、特定目的に対する適合性、非侵害性に関する黙示の保証については一切責任を負いません。
18.	救済手段および責任の制限および除外。マイクロソフトおよびその供給者の責任は、700 円を上限とする直接損害に限定されます。その他の損害 (派生的損害、逸失利益、特別損害、間接損害、および付随的損害を含みますがこれらに限定されません) に関しては、一切責任を負いません。
この制限は、以下に適用されるものとします。
?	本ソフトウェア、サービス、第三者のインターネットのサイト上のコンテンツ (コードを含みます) または第三者のプログラムに関連した事項
?	契約違反、保証違反、無過失責任、過失または不法行為 (適用法で許可されている範囲において)
マイクロソフトがこのような損害の可能性について知っていた場合または知り得た場合も、この制限は適用されます。上記の制限または除外は、一部の国では付随的、派生的、およびその他の損害の免責、または責任の制限を認めないため、適用されない場合があります。

#####################################################################

Visual Studio 2008 の使用許諾において Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 で提供され再頒布に使用できるファイルの一覧を次に示します。使用許諾を受けている Microsoft ソフトウェアが Visual Studio 2008 ではない場合は、お使いの Microsoft ソフトウェアによってインストールされるファイルのみが、その Microsoft ソフトウェアの使用許諾により再頒布することができます。

_____________________________________________________________
Visual C++ ランタイム ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、再頒布できる .EXE ファイル (未変更の状態) は以下のとおりです。
これらのファイルはインストール時の必要条件として実行できます。

 vcredist_x86.exe
 vcredist_x64.exe 
 vcredist_IA64.exe

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、インストール パッケージの一部として未変更の状態で再頒布できる MSM ファイルは以下のとおりです。
 
 Microsoft_VC90_ATL_x86.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_ATL_x86.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_ATL_x86_ia64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_ATL_x86_ia64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_ATL_x86_x64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_ATL_x86_x64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_CRT_x86.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_CRT_x86.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_CRT_x86_ia64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_CRT_x86_ia64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_CRT_x86_x64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_CRT_x86_x64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_MFC_x86.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_MFC_x86.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_MFC_x86_ia64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_MFC_x86_ia64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_MFC_x86_x64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_MFC_x86_x64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_MFCLOC_x86.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_MFCLOC_x86.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_MFCLOC_x86_ia64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_MFCLOC_x86_ia64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_MFCLOC_x86_x64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_MFCLOC_x86_x64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_OpenMP_x86.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_OpenMP_x86.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_OpenMP_x86_ia64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_OpenMP_x86_ia64.msm
 Microsoft_VC90_OpenMP_x86_x64.msm
 policy_9_0_Microsoft_VC90_OpenMP_x86_x64.msm


VC++ ランタイム ファイルを再頒布する際に利用できる以下のフォルダも用意しました。ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、アプリケーション ローカル フォルダ内の以下のフォルダ (未変更の状態) を、フォルダの名称を変更せずに、サブフォルダとして再頒布できます。また、フォルダに含まれるすべてのファイル (*.dll および *.manifest) を再頒布することもできます。以下に再頒布できるすべてのフォルダを一覧します。

\VC\redist\x86\Microsoft.VC90.ATL\
 atl90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.ATL.manifest

\VC\redist\ia64\Microsoft.VC90.ATL\
 atl90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.ATL.manifest

\VC\redist\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.ATL\
 atl90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.ATL.manifest

\VC\redist\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\
 msvcm90.dll
 msvcp90.dll
 msvcr90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest

\VC\redist\ia64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\
 msvcm90.dll
 msvcp90.dll
 msvcr90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest

\VC\redist\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\
 msvcm90.dll
 msvcp90.dll
 msvcr90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest

\VC\redist\x86\Microsoft.VC90.MFC\
 mfc90.dll
 mfc90u.dll
 mfcm90.dll
 mfcm90u.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.MFC.manifest

\VC\redist\ia64\Microsoft.VC90.MFC\
 mfc90.dll
 mfc90u.dll
 mfcm90.dll
 mfcm90u.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.MFC.manifest

\VC\redist\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.MFC\
 mfc90.dll
 mfc90u.dll
 mfcm90.dll
 mfcm90u.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.MFC.manifest

\VC\redist\x86\Microsoft.VC90.MFCLOC\
 mfc90chs.dll
 mfc90cht.dll
 mfc90enu.dll
 mfc90esp.dll
 mfc90deu.dll
 mfc90fra.dll
 mfc90ita.dll
 mfc90jpn.dll
 mfc90kor.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.MFCLOC.manifest

\VC\redist\ia64\Microsoft.VC90.MFCLOC\
 mfc90chs.dll
 mfc90cht.dll
 mfc90enu.dll
 mfc90esp.dll
 mfc90deu.dll
 mfc90fra.dll
 mfc90ita.dll
 mfc90jpn.dll
 mfc90kor.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.MFCLOC.manifest

\VC\redist\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.MFCLOC\
 mfc90chs.dll
 mfc90cht.dll
 mfc90enu.dll
 mfc90esp.dll
 mfc90deu.dll
 mfc90fra.dll
 mfc90ita.dll
 mfc90jpn.dll
 mfc90kor.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.MFCLOC.manifest

\VC\redist\x86\Microsoft.VC90.OpenMP\
 vcomp90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.OpenMP.manifest

\VC\redist\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.OpenMP\
 vcomp90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.OpenMP.manifest

\VC\redist\ia64\Microsoft.VC90.OpenMP\
 vcomp90.dll
 Microsoft.VC90.OpenMP.manifest

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下のファイルをアプリケーションと共に再頒布できます。再頒布の際、これらのファイルはアプリケーションのローカル フォルダに含めることも、グローバル アセンブリ キャッシュ (GAC) に配置することもできます。

 mfcmifc80.dll

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下に示す 1 つ以上の *.*.pdb ファイルを再頒布できます。ただし、使用目的はアプリケーションのデバッグに限られます。

 atl90.i386.pdb      
 atl90.AMD64.pdb      
 atl90.IA64.pdb      
      
 msvcm90.i386.pdb      
 msvcm90.AMD64.pdb      
 msvcm90.IA64.pdb      
      
 msvcp90.i386.pdb      
 msvcp90.AMD64.pdb      
 msvcp90.IA64.pdb      
      
 msvcr90.i386.pdb      
 msvcr90.AMD64.pdb      
 msvcr90.IA64.pdb      
      
 mfc90.i386.pdb      
 mfc90.AMD64.pdb      
 mfc90.IA64.pdb      
      
 mfc90u.i386.pdb      
 mfc90u.AMD64.pdb      
 mfc90u.IA64.pdb      
      
 mfcm90.i386.pdb      
 mfcm90.AMD64.pdb      
 mfcm90.IA64.pdb      
      
 mfcm90u.i386.pdb      
 mfcm90u.AMD64.pdb      
 mfcm90u.IA64.pdb

 vcomp90.i386.pdb
 vcomp90.AMD64.pdb
 vcomp90.IA64.pdb

_____________________________________________________________
スマート デバイス ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下のファイルを頒布できます。ただし、これらのファイルは、Windows Mobile および Windows CE ベースのデバイスでの使用を目的としており、それらのデバイスを対象としたスマート デバイス アプリケーションと共にのみ頒布できます。

サポートされているプロセッサの種類 : armv4、armv4i、mipsii、mipsii_fp、mipsiv、mipsiv_fp、sh4、x86

ファイルの場所のフォルダ パス : \VC\ce\dll\[プロセッサの種類の名前]

 msvcr90.dll
 atl90.dll
 MFC90CHS.DLL
 MFC90CHT.DLL
 MFC90DEU.DLL
 MFC90ENU.DLL
 MFC90ESP.DLL
 MFC90FRA.DLL
 MFC90ITA.DLL
 MFC90JPN.DLL
 MFC90KOR.DLL
 MFC90U.DLL

次の pdb ファイルは、デバッグの目的でのみ頒布できます。
ファイルの場所のフォルダ パス : \VC\ce\dll\[プロセッサの種類の名前]
 msvcr90.pdb
 atl90.pdb
 mfc90u.pdb

_____________________________________________________________
.NET Framework 

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 dotNetFx35setup.exe

.NET Framework ランタイム ファイルを再頒布する際に利用できる以下のフォルダも用意しました。ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、アプリケーション ローカル フォルダ内の以下のフォルダ (未変更の状態) を、フォルダの名称を変更せずに、サブフォルダとして再頒布できます。また、フォルダに含まれるすべてのファイルを再頒布することもできます。以下に、再頒布できるすべてのフォルダを一覧します。

wcu\dotNetFramework 
 dotNetFx35setup.exe

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX20\ 
 ASPNET.msp
 ASPNET_64.msp
 clr.msp
 clr_64.msp
 crt.msp
 crt_64.msp
 dw.msp
 dw_64.msp
 Netfx20a_x64.msi
 Netfx20a_x86.msi
 NetFX_CA.msp
 NetFX_Core.msp
 NetFX_Core_64.msp
 NetFX_Other.msp
 NetFX_Other_64.msp
 prexp.msp
 winforms.msp
 winforms_64.msp

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX30\ 
 Netfx30a_x64.msi
 Netfx30a_x86.msi
 RGB9RAST_x64.msi
 RGB9RAST_x86.msi
 WCF.msp
 WCF_64.msp
 WCS.msp
 WCS_64.msp
 WF.msp
 WF_32.msp
 WF_64.msp
 WIC_x64_enu.exe
 WIC_x86_enu.exe
 WPF1.msp
 WPF1_64.msp
 WPF2.msp
 WPF2_32.msp
 WPF2_64.msp
 WPF_Other.msp
 WPF_Other_32.msp
 WPF_Other_64.msp
 XPS.msp
 XPSEPSC-amd64-en-US.exe
 XPSEPSC-x86-en-US.exe

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX30\x64\ 
 msxml6.msi

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX30\x86\ 
 msxml6.msi

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX35\x64\ 
 netfx35_x64.exe

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX35\x86\ 
 netfx35_x86.exe

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX35\x86\
 dotnetfx35langpack_x86<lang>.exe

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetFX35\x64\
 dotnetfx35langpack_x64<lang>.exe

(メモ : 上記のファイル名において <lang>は 2 文字の標準ロケール表記を表します。たとえば、日本語の場合は ja、ドイツ語の場合は de となります。)


wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetMSP\x64\ 
 NetFX2.0-KB110806-v6000-x64.msu

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetMSP\x64\ 
 NetFX3.0-KB929300-v6000-x64.msu

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetMSP\x86\ 
 NetFX2.0-KB110806-v6000-x86.msu

wcu\dotNetFramework\dotNetMSP\x86\ 
 NetFX3.0-KB929300-v6000-x86.msu


_____________________________________________________________
.NET Framework  2.0

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v6.0A\Bootstrapper\Packages\DotNetFx\dotnetfx.exe

\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v6.0A\Bootstrapper\Packages\DotNetFx\<lang>\langpack.exe
(メモ : 上記のファイル名において <lang>は 2 文字の標準ロケール表記を表します。たとえば、日本語の場合は ja、ドイツ語の場合は de となります。)

_____________________________________________________________
.NET Framework  3.0

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v6.0A\Bootstrapper\Packages\DotNetFx30\dotnetfx3.exe

\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v6.0A\Bootstrapper\Packages\DotNetFx30\<lang>\dotnetfx3langpack<lang>.exe
(メモ : 上記のファイル名において <lang>は2 文字の標準ロケール表記を表します。たとえば、日本語の場合は jaもしくはjp、ドイツ語の場合は de となります。)

_____________________________________________________________

エンド ユーザーのコンピュータ上で .NET Framework 3.0 を有効にするツール

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

\Program Files\Microsoft SDKs\Windows\v6.0A\Bootstrapper\Packages\DotNetFx30\EnableDotNet3.exe


_____________________________________________________________
.NET Compact Framework ファイル

.NET Compact Framework の dll を再頒布する際に使用できる次のインストール パッケージ (*.MSI) も用意しました。ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下に示す MSI ファイル (未変更の状態) または 1 つ以上の個別ファイルを再頒布できます。

.NET Compact Framework V2:

NETCFSetupv2.msi
 NETCFv2.ppc.armv4.cab
 NETCFv2.wm.armv4i.cab
 NETCFv2.wce5.sh4.cab
 NETCFv2.wce5.mipsii.cab
 NETCFv2.wce5.mipsiv.cab
 NETCFv2.wce5.armv4i.cab
 NETCFv2.wce5.x86.cab
 System_SR_CHS.CAB
 System_SR_CHS_wm.cab
 System_SR_CHT.CAB
 System_SR_CHT_wm.cab
 System_SR_DE.CAB
 System_SR_DE_wm.cab
 System_SR_ENU.CAB
 System_SR_ENU_wm.cab
 System_SR_ES.CAB
 System_SR_ES_wm.cab
 System_SR_FR.CAB
 System_SR_FR_wm.cab
 System_SR_IT.CAB
 System_SR_IT_wm.cab
 System_SR_JA.CAB
 System_SR_JA_wm.cab
 System_SR_KO.CAB
 System_SR_KO_wm.cab
 System_SR_pt-BR.CAB
 System_SR_pt-BR_wm.cab

.NET Compact Framework の dll を再頒布する際に使用できる次のインストール パッケージ (*.MSI) も用意しました。ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下に示す MSI ファイル (未変更の状態) または 1 つ以上の個別ファイルを再頒布できます。

.NET Compact Framework V3.5:

NETCFSetupv35.msi
 NETCFv35.wm.armv4i.cab
 NETCFv35.ppc.armv4.cab
 NETCFv35.wce.x86.cab
 NETCFv35.wce.sh4.cab
 NETCFv35.wce.mipsiv.cab
 NETCFv35.wce.mipsii.cab
 NETCFv35.wce.armv4.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.DE.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.DE.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.EN.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.EN.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.ES.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.ES.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.FR.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.FR.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.IT.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.IT.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.JA.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.JA.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.KO.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.KO.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.zh-CHS.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.zh-CHS.wm.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.zh-CHT.cab
 NETCFv35.Messages.zh-CHT.wm.cab

_____________________________________________________________
SQL Server Express ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 SQLExpr.exe
 SQLExpr32.exe

_____________________________________________________
ランタイム コンポーネント

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下のファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 Windows Installer 2.0 (InstMSIA.exe/InstMSIW.exe)   
 Windows Installer 3.1 (WindowsInstaller-KB893803-v2-x86.exe)
 Windows Installer 4.5 (WindowsInstaller-KB942288-x86.exe/WindowsInstaller-KB942288 -amd64.exe/WindowsInstaller-KB942288 -ia64.exe/KB942288.MSU)
 msstdfmt.dll
 vs_piaredist.exe 

_____________________________________________________
イメージ

次に示す .zip ファイルに含まれる 1 つ以上のファイルを、ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件およびその .zip ファイルに記載されている他の使用許諾条件に従って、頒布できます。

 VS2008ImageLibrary.zip

_____________________________________________________
Visual Studio Tools for Office ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 vstor.exe
 vstor30.exe
 vstolp20.exe
 vstor_lp_ar_30.exe
 vstor_lp_da_30.exe
 vstor_lp_de_30.exe
 vstor_lp_es_30.exe
 vstor_lp_fi_30.exe
 vstor_lp_fr_30.exe
 vstor_lp_he_30.exe
 vstor_lp_it_30.exe
 vstor_lp_ja_30.exe
 vstor_lp_ko_30.exe
 vstor_lp_nb-NO_30.exe
 vstor_lp_nl_30.exe
 vstor_lp_pl_30.exe
 vstor_lp_pt-BR_30.exe
 vstor_lp_ru_30.exe
 vstor_lp_sv_30.exe
 vstor_lp_zh-CHS_30.exe
 vstor_lp_zh-CHT_30.exe
 vstor_lp_zh-HK_30.exe

_____________________________________________________

Windows SDK ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下のファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 MageUI.exe
 Mage.exe
 Makecert.exe
 ad1.lib
 amstrmid.lib
 certidl.lib
 CiUuid.lib
 clfsmgmt.lib
 daouuid.lib
 DtcHelp.lib
 format.lib
 gpmuuid.lib
 Htmlhelp.lib
 KSGuid.lib
 ksuser.lib
 MiniDump.lib
 MMC.lib
 muiload.lib
 odbccp32.lib
 PEnter.lib
 PhotoAcquireUID.lib
 ScrnSave.lib
 ScrnSavW.lib
 strsafe.lib
 taskschd.lib
 unicows.lib
 Uuid.lib
 WindowsSideShowGuids.lib
 xaSwitch.lib

____________________________________________
Report Viewer ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 ReportViewer.exe
 ReportViewerLP.exe

_____________________________________________________________
Visual Basic PowerPacks ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .EXE ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 VisualBasicPowerPacksSetup.exe

_____________________________________________________________
SQL Server Compact ファイル

以下に示す各 .msi ファイルによって、そこに含まれるコンポーネントがターゲット コンピュータ上の特定の場所にインストールされます。これにより、サービス性とテクニカル サポートを確保できます。これらの .msi ファイルに含まれる .dll ファイルについても、この redist.txt で個別に示します。ただし、個別の .dll の頒布によって、サービス性の問題が発生する場合があります。詳細については、http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=94589 を参照してください。

 SSCERuntime-ENU.msi
 SSCERuntime-DEU.msi
 SSCERuntime-FRA.msi
 SSCERuntime-JPN.msi
 SSCERuntime-RUS.msi
 SSCERuntime-ESN.msi
 SSCERuntime-ITA.msi
 SSCERuntime-KOR.msi
 SSCERuntime-CHT.msi
 SSCERuntime-CHS.msi
 sqlcese35.dll
 sqlceqp35.dll
 sqlceoledb35.dll
 sqlceca35.dll
 sqlceme35.dll
 sqlcecompact35.dll
 sqlceer35en.dll
 sqlceer35cn.dll/sqlceer35zh-CHS.dll
 sqlceer35de.dll 
 sqlceer35es.dll 
 sqlceer35fr.dll 
 sqlceer35it.dll 
 sqlceer35ja.dll 
 sqlceer35ko.dll 
 sqlceer35tw.dll/sqlceer35zh-CHT.dll 
 sqlceer35ru.dll
 System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
 System.Data.SqlServerCe.resources.dll

 Microsoft Synchronization Services for ADO.Net v1.0

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft.Synchronization.Data.dll
Microsoft.Synchronization.Data.Server.dll
Microsoft.Synchronization.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
Microsoft.Synchronization.Data.resources.dll

以下に示す各 .cab ファイルによって、そこに含まれるコンポーネントがターゲット モバイル デバイス上の特定の場所にインストールされます。これにより、サービス性とテクニカル サポートを確保できます。これらの .cab ファイルに含まれる .dll ファイルおよび .exe ファイルについても、この redist.txt で個別に示します。ただし、個別の .dll ファイルおよび .exe ファイルによって、サービス性の問題が発生する場合があります。詳細については、http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=94589 を参照してください。

 sqlcese35.dll
 sqlceqp35.dll
 sqlceoledb35.dll
 sqlceca35.dll
 sqlceme35.dll
 sqlcecompact35.dll
 sqlceer35en.dll 
 sqlceer35cn.dll/sqlceer35zh-CHS.dll
 sqlceer35de.dll
 sqlceer35es.dll 
 sqlceer35fr.dll
 sqlceer35it.dll 
 sqlceer35ja.dll 
 sqlceer35ko.dll 
 sqlceer35tw.dll/sqlceer35zh-CHT.dll
 sqlceer35ru.dll
 System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
 System.Data.SqlClient.dll
 isqlw35.exe
 upgrade.exe
 dbnetlib.dll

(メモ : 以下に一覧されているファイルのファイル名において[言語], [デバイス], [プラットフォーム] [プロセッサ] はそれぞれ以下の内容を表します。)
言語 : CHS、CHT、DE、ENU、ES、FR、IT、JA、KO、RU
デバイス : ppc、phone
プラットフォーム : wce4、wce5
プロセッサ : armv4、armv4i、mipsii、mipsii_fp、mipsiv、mipsiv_fp、sh4、x86

sql.dev.[言語].[デバイス].[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sql.dev.[言語].[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sql.[デバイス].[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sql.[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sqlce.[デバイス].[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sqlce.[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sqlce.repl.[デバイス].[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sqlce.repl.[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sqlce.dev.[言語].[デバイス].[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB
sqlce.dev.[言語].[プラットフォーム].[プロセッサ].CAB

_____________________________________________________________
Crystal Reports ファイル

ソフトウェアの使用許諾条件に従って、以下の .MSI ファイルを未変更の状態で頒布できます。

 CRRedist2008_x86.msi
 CRRedist2008_x64.msi
 CRRedist2008_ia64.msi

 CrystalReports2008_x86_<lang>.msi
 CrystalReports2008_ia64_<lang>.msi
 CrystalReports2008_x64_<lang>.msi

(メモ : 上記のファイル名において <lang>は 2 文字の標準ロケール表記を表します。たとえば、日本語の場合は jp となります。)

#####################################################################

一般利用者向けIPAフォント使用許諾契約書（エンド・ユーザ・ライセンス）

独立行政法人情報処理推進機構（以下、「IPA」といいます。）は、「IPAフォント」と題する
デジタル・フォント・プログラム（以下、「許諾プログラム」といいます。）を提供するにあたり、
この使用許諾契約（以下「本契約」といいます。）に同意いただくことを条件とします。
許諾プログラムの提供を受けた者（IPAからの一次配布・他の利用者からの再配布を問わず、
以下、「受領者」といいます。）が、受領した許諾プログラムをコンピュータ（１条に定義する
ところによります。）にインストールした場合、本契約の内容に同意したものと見なします。

第1条　用語の定義
本契約において、次の各号に掲げる用語は、当該各号に定めるところによります。
1.「派生プログラム」とは、許諾プログラムの一部または全部に、変更、デザインの加工その他の
加除修正等を施したもの、フォント名などのフォント情報や組版に関する情報を含む
一連のテーブルなどを変えたもの、またはフォントのアウトラインデータやビットマップデータの
一部または全部を追加、修正、削除したものなどをいいます。 
2.「独自プログラム」とは、許諾プログラムの一部または全部をプログラムのまま利用せず、
許諾プログラムの一部または全部から文字情報を取り出し、または取り出された文字情報に
改変等をなして新たに制作されたデジタル・フォント・プログラムその他の二次的成果物を
いいます。 
3.「デジタル・コンテンツ」とは、デジタル・データ形式によってエンド・ユーザーに提供される
制作物のことをいい、映像コンテンツ（動画・静止画等の映像制作物および番組）および
文字テキスト、画像、図形等を含んで構成された制作物を含みます。 
4.「デジタル・ドキュメント・ファイル」とは、PDFファイルその他、各種ソフトウェアによって
制作されたデジタル・コンテンツであって、当該ドキュメント・ファイルに使用されている
文字について許諾プログラムの一部が埋め込まれた（エンベッドされた）ものをいいます。 
5.許諾プログラムの「変更」とは、フォントの骨格を変えることをいい、漢字の偏や旁を切り離して
新たな文字（外字）を作成すること、文字の一部を変形して新たな文字を作成することなどを
含みます。 
6.「デザインの加工」とは、フォントの骨格を変えることなく、フォントに対して表示効果を
付加することや一定の変形を加えることをいい、アプリケーション・ソフトウェアにおける文字飾り
（太字、斜体、影付け、下線、中抜き、浮き彫りその他）や、文字変形などを含みます。 
7.「コンピュータ｣とは、本契約においては、サーバを含みます。 
8.「複製その他の利用」とは、複製、譲渡、頒布、貸与、公衆送信、上映をいいます。 

第２条 使用許諾の付与
IPAは受領者に対し、本契約の条項に従い、すべての国で、許諾プログラムを使用することを
許諾します。ただし、許諾プログラムに存在する一切の権利はすべてIPAが保有しています。
本契約は、いかなる意味においても、IPAが保有する許諾プログラムに関する一切の権利および、
いかなる商標、商号、もしくはサービス・マークに関する権利をも受領者に移転するものでは
ありません。
1.受領者は本契約に定める条件に従い、許諾プログラムを記憶媒体にインストールし、
コンピュータで使用することができます。 
2.受領者はコンピュータにインストールされた許諾プログラムをそのまま、印刷物および
デジタル・コンテンツにおいて、文字テキスト表現等として使用することができます。 
3.受領者はコンピュータにインストールされた許諾プログラムに対して、他の編集ソフトウェア・
プログラム等を利用してデザインの加工および変更を行ったうえで、これを印刷物および
デジタル・コンテンツにおいて、文字テキスト表現等として使用することができます。 
4.受領者は本条2項または3項の定めに従い作成した印刷物およびデジタル・コンテンツにつき、
その商用・非商用の別、および放送、通信、各種記録メディアなどの媒体の形式を問わず、
複製その他の利用をすることができます。 
5.受領者は、デジタル・コンテンツにおいて使用した文字（サブセット文字）に限り、
本契約において許諾されている範囲内で埋め込んで（エンベットして）デジタル・ドキュメント・
ファイルとし、かかるデジタル・ドキュメント・ファイルの複製その他の利用をすることができます。
この場合には、かかるデジタル・ドキュメント・ファイルの受領者に対しては、本契約に従うことを
求める必要はありません。 
6.受領者は、許諾プログラムをそのままの状態で、「IPAフォント」の名称で、変更、デザインの加工
その他の改変を加えることなく、商用・非商用を問わず第三者への再配布をすることができます。
ただし、その場合には、受領者は、本契約の写しを許諾プログラムに添付して、
第三者に再配布しなければなりません。 
7.受領者は、個人利用および研究用途として、派生プログラムまたは独自プログラムを
作成することができます。 

第３条　制限
前条により付与された使用許諾は、以下の制限に服します。
1.受領者は、商用・非商用を問わず、派生プログラムまたは独自プログラムをIPAの許諾無しに
再配布することはできません。 
2.受領者がIPAフォントを前条6項に基づき再配布する場合には、受領者は「IPAフォント」という
名称を変更することはできません。 
3.受領者が作成した派生プログラムまたは独自プログラムについて、IPAは一切の責任を
負いません。 
4.許諾プログラム、派生プログラムまたは独自プログラムについて、IPAは一切の保証を行わず、
許諾プログラム、派生プログラムまたは独自プログラムのインストール、使用、複製その他の
利用によって受領者に生じた一切の損害（システム障害・通信障害・既存のデータや
プログラム等の紛失・破損により生じる損害、その修復コスト、逸失利益、これらの
プログラム利用にかかる第三者の権利侵害に対するクレーム・損害・責任、その他の
財産上の損害（特別損害・間接損害・拡大損害等を含む。）および精神的損害等）について、
IPAは一切の責任を負いません。
5.許諾プログラム、派生プログラムまたは独自プログラムのインストール、使用、複製その他の
利用に関して、IPAは技術的な質問や問い合わせ等に対する対応その他、いかなるユーザ・
サポートも行いません。 

第４条　契約の終了
1.本契約の有効期間は、受領者が許諾プログラムを受領した時から、受領者が許諾プログラムを
全てのコンピュータからアンインストールするまでとします。 
2.前項の定めにかかわらず、受領者が本契約に定める各条項に違反したときは、本契約は、
何らの催告を要することなく、自動的に終了し、受領者はそれ以後、許諾プログラム、
派生プログラムおよび独自プログラムを一切使用しまたは複製その他の利用をすることが
できないものとします。また、受領者は、本契約に定める各条項の違反によってIPAが被った
損害を賠償する義務を負うものとします。 

第５条　準拠法
1.本契約は、将来変更されることがあります。その場合には、受領者は、許諾プログラムの使用、
複製その他の利用または再配布にあたり、本契約または変更後の契約のいずれかを
選択することができます。
その他、上記に記載されていない条項に関しては著作権法および関連法規に従うものとします。 
2.本契約は、日本法に基づき解釈されます。 

#####################################################################

[ CWXEditorのライセンス ]

・画像(*.png)、ソースコード(*.d)、テキスト(*.txt)の(作者を含む)使用者は、
　前記リソースの全てを、Public Domainよろしく自由に扱えるものとします。
・実行ファイル(*.exe)が生成したファイルの使用条件についても上記と同様とします。
・実行ファイルにはDWTのオブジェクトコードが含まれているため、頒布の際には
　Eclipse Public Licenseの条件を満たさねばなりません。
　要するにこのテキストを同梱するか、Eclipse Public Licenseの頒布要件に従う
　ライセンスを付与してください。
　これらの条項はCWXEditorの実行ファイル本体にのみ付与されるもので、それ以外の
　リソースとは関係ありません。
・共有ライブラリ(*.dll)のライセンスについては、後述の[共有ライブラリのライセンス]
　を参照してください。
・作者は前記リソース(画像/ソースコード/テキスト/実行ファイル)のあらゆる方法での
　使用に際して発生したトラブルに対し、一切責任を負いません。
　前記リソースは全て無保証です。

#####################################################################

The MIT License

Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

